hello everybody um thank you nikki for
uh bringing everybody together and
continuing to honor
david's work
and
keep some of those bonds between people
that knew him and his work
um alive
i think it's very admirable
it's really interesting that this falls
on ten years of occupy
and also the
fall equinox you know it's like a
harvest time and
the time
things start to die but also on the
other side of the hemisphere of that
it's springtime
and you've got all this life going on
and uh
i would just like to talk briefly um you
know
one of
when you think about these
occupy
and the things that were that people
were trying to accomplish i mean what
little i understand um
it's
most people involved i mean not
everybody would be completely shocked
how things have multiplied since those
issues have multiplied in these 10 years
i mean
we have individuals publicly now that
have
almost have almost a trillion
dollars
you know and france is arguing with
australia about 90 billion and it
and bezels could just burp that out it
wouldn't even faze him
you know and they're like oh this is
like a big deal to our economy you know
and it's just like such a mad world now
but what more important
importantly is
you know i see activists and different
people people i really love
sometimes online they're so frustrated
we face all these problems and they kind
of like lash out at other people that
want to be
feel like they're doing something
or
involved in being on the right
direction or team and
sort of chastising them saying you're
not doing anything you're just like
looking at people online and that's just
like a
this this frustration this outrage
because
it's completely overwhelming so when i
think about david's work and i think
about him as
an individual the one thing that i
really
from the times that i spent with him and
talked with him and then just
watched him
is how how
his middle attitude was pretty positive
about the things he was dealing with
even when it was really serious what
there was when he was supporting uh
the fighters in syria it was outrage
after outrage and betrayal after
betrayal in real serious business and
stuff i just think his positive mental
outlook
was really helpful
i think and and i think the one thing
that uh
you might not be able to grasp
all of his academic skills right you
might not be at the same
speed
up to the same speed level as him
maybe processing information
or spitting it back out but
you can learn something from that
that that real positivity about what
you're doing
you know and and and i want to
uh
remind keep reminding myself of that
because it is overwhelming and like my
other friend in america she got so mad
at everybody and i just see what happens
when you don't have that positivity
because she's so right on she's so smart
she's just like sharp is attacked but it
just
she's 100 angry
and she it's justified right
but it maybe it's not the best thing
because really in inside this person is
somebody who really does want to see
change
you know
so
i hope that um
i'm looking forward to listening to
everybody and i am really super thankful
that we all are taking a minute to honor
his life and uh each other
and uh thank you